I see I say sales academy has a very
strong potential to convert a common
individual into a disciplined
professional launched in July 2012 ICICI
Bank Sales Academy provides training at
various centers across the country to
youth wishing to join the frontline
sales role in the bank the objective of
the program is to train participants to
identify and engage with sales prospects
and do business development activities
in their markets
the program is designed as a residential
training course followed by paid
internship at ICICI Bank
trainees undergo intensive training on
ICICI Bank's products processes systems
and compliance participants are also
trained in grooming etiquette and
English language skills the training is
conducted using various methodologies
like case studies role plays simulation
and gaming modules
lastly only I have joined ICICI Bank has
a sense of we sell through sales academy
mean that sales academy we have a
various training so while I entering the
customer base
I don't have any shyness now
participants are also given training on
innovative tools such as tablet banking
participants learn to use various tablet
banking applications while at the campus
the trainees regularly go through
e-learning modules to reinforce the
concepts learned this program helped me
to grow my skills and knowledge now I
can say that I can do my work with full
of confidence after completing of my
training I join in
I said back in first day I was very
excited because already I knew about all
product and features
the internship and ICICI Bank branches
provides the trainees with hands-on
experience of selling in the field and
prepares them before they join the bank
has sales officers
I had done my training who since Academy
at Verona then we had on the job
training where we actually fished
products to the customers and
accordingly provided the required
product failure and rhythm from him for
money pool I joined the back in 2011 as
a cell service are in Mumbai now due to
my hard work and performance I got a
chance to work as a brand sells my
reserve Naboth Koosh multimedia
opportunity emily and i am proud to be a
sales officer
[Music]
you